Company logo for, Wedbush.

Wedbush

Intern, Software Engineer, Banking Automation & AI 

New York, NY · 2 weeks ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn
Internship
Apply
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for $0

    Show match details

    Tailor my resume

    Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Tiffany Watson

• 3rd

IT Service Desk Analyst at DecisionOne Inc.

School alum from New Jersey Institute of Technology
About the job

Job Description

Wedbush Securities is one of the largest securities firms and investment banks in the nation. We provide innovative financial solutions through our Wealth Management, Capital Markets, Futures and Advanced Clearing & Prime Services divisions. Headquartered in Los Angeles, California with over 100 offices and more than 80 correspondent offices, our commitment to providing relentless, customized service is the foundation of our consistent growth.

Our AI Transformation team is looking for an intern to join their team.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

    Build and deploy automation solutions for banking operations and workflows
    Assist the development of new technology and features from the ground up
    Leverage AI tools including Claude Code to accelerate development and create intelligent systems
    Collaborate with a small, high-performing 'A-team' in a fast-paced, high-intensity environment
    Perform other duties as required and assigned

Experience And Skills

    Actively working towards a Bachelor's Degree from an accredited university
    High proficiency with Claude Code and current AI development tools
    Proficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, PowerPoint) with strong Excel and PowerPoint skills
    Detail-oriented and organized, able to multi-task and manage multiple projects and competing priorities without sacrificing accuracy or efficiency
    Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
    Strong analytical, problem-solving, and critical-thinking skills

What We Offer

Wedbush Securities (WS) aims to foster a culture of inclusion where all Colleagues are valued for their unique contributions to the firm provided equal opportunities to succeed.

The reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role has not been adjusted for the applicable geographic location. A reasonable estimate of the current range is $40.00/hr. Colleagues may be eligible for additional, discretionary incentive compensation based on the colleague's and the firm's performance. Decisions regarding compensation are determined on a case-by-case basis and are dependent on a variety of factors including but not limited to location; skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and other business and organizational needs.

Wedbush uses E-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities here??https://www.e-verify.gov/employees/e-verify-overview

This position is subject to various laws or regulations that impose restrictions or prohibitions for employment with Wedbush due to criminal history. Those laws or regulations include but are not limited to, the following: Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (SEA) Rule 17a-3, et. seq., Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Rules 3110(e), Rule 4530(a), etc., and FINRA Regulatory Notice 07-55.