Company logo for, Phibro Animal Health.

Phibro Animal Health

Data Engineering Intern 

Teaneck, NJ · Reposted 1 week ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
Internship
Apply
Determine your fit and how to stand out

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for $0

    Show match details

    Tailor my resume

    Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from New Jersey Institute of Technology
Show all
About the job

About Phibro Animal Health Corporation

Phibro Animal Health Corporation is a publicly traded, global organization with a rich history in animal health and nutrition as a manufacturer and marketer of medicated feed additives, vaccines, nutritional specialty products, and mineral nutrition. We strive to be a trusted partner with livestock producers, farmers, veterinarians, and consumers who raise or care for farm and companion animals by providing solutions to help them maintain and enhance the health of their animals.

Phibro is a diversified company in manufacturing and marketing products for ethanol performance, microbials for plants, home and industrial applications, and specialty chemicals for various industrial markets. In addition to, Phibro’s revenues are in excess of $1 billion and are supported by over 2,400 employees worldwide.

At Phibro, people are our greatest asset. We strive to develop a diverse workforce that fosters an environment where people feel supported in openly sharing their creativity and skills that allows them to be the most successful that they can be.

If you are interested in working for Phibro and feel that you do not meet all qualifications, we encourage you to apply as you might be the right candidate for this role or other positions.

The Data Engineering Intern is an integral part of our Digital Information Delivery team based out of our US - Teaneck, NJ site.

Position Details

Interns at Phibro will get a great hands-on experience in a real work environment.

Key Responsibilities

    Data Warehousing
    AI-Assisted coding
    Collaborate with the data warehousing team on various activities
    Gain a good understanding of data warehousing architecture
    Apply AI in day to day coding
    Create data agents/ops agents


Key Competencies

Accepting Direction

Adaptable

Attendance and Punctuality

Attentive Listening

Collaborative

Communicating Effectively

Critical Thinking

Demonstrating Initiative

Demonstrating Tenacity and Perseverance

Detailed Oriented

Establishing Relationships

Following Policies and Procedures

Learning Quickly

Managing Time

Prioritizing and Organizing Work

Problem Solving

Skills

Proficiency in Microsoft Office Products

A motivated self-starter, work well in groups and demonstrate excellent customer service.

Excellent Written and Verbal Communication Skills

Education & Experience

    Must be enrolled in an accredited university/college program, Computer Science or similar area of study preferred.
    Must be 18 years of age


Physical Requirements

Good hand/eye coordination

Required to talk or hear frequently

To learn more about Phibro Animal Health's competitive benefits package, please click here: Phibro Benefits

Phibro is an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristics protected by law.

Business Unit: Corporate 

Division: Corporate 

Department: Digital Information Delivery 

Location: US - Teaneck, NJ 

Work Schedule: Monday - Friday (Standard Work hours)