
Linde logo
Linde
Staff Engineer I - Govt 
New Providence, NJ · Reposted 1 week ago · 32 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
How your profile and resume fit this job

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for $0

People you can reach out to

    Pranay profile photo

Pranay profile photo
Pranay Shah 
· 3rd
Director IT 
School alum from New Jersey Institute of Technology
About the job

Purpose of the position:

Linde Special Projects in New Providence, NJ is seeking a skilled Software Engineer to support and advance specialized, mission-critical hardware systems focused on gas handling and metrology. This role blends software development and process control of hardware components with hands-on system support, requiring a strong understanding of physical systems, electronics, instrumentation, and data acquisition.

The ideal candidate will minimize downtime and ensure the reliability of existing systems while designing and implementing software for next-generation hardware platforms. This position requires a DOD security clearance; US citizenship is required.

Principal responsibilities will include:

Laboratory & Technical Leadership

     Maintain, monitor, and troubleshoot software systems that control and interface with gas handling and radioactive measurement equipment; help ensure reliable operation and minimal downtime of existing systems
     Integrate sensors, detectors, and instrumentation with software platforms for real-time monitoring and analysis
     Collaborate with engineers and scientists to define system requirements and translate them into robust software solutions
     Optimize hardware systems for performance, reliability, and safety
     Implement data processing pipelines for measurement analysis, calibration, and reporting
     Support system upgrades, testing, and validation, including documentation and compliance
     Participate in debugging hardware and software issues in a laboratory environment

Research & Innovation

     Develop and successfully deploy software for new hardware systems, including control logic, data acquisition, and user interfaces
     Lead or contribute to research projects from concept through implementation and validation.

Communication

     Interface with key stakeholders, including department technical staff, management, and US government technical staff.
     Prepare clear, data-driven technical reports and presentations and present project updates and technical recommendations to our sponsor and collaborators.

Collaboration

     Work closely with internal and external scientists, engineers, and technicians on multidisciplinary research projects.
     Support troubleshooting and root-cause investigations for instrumentation or process issues.

Key interfaces

     Department technical staff (Engineers/Scientists/Technicians)
     Department management
     US Government Technical staff

Key competencies

     Safety-first mentality
     Intellectual curiosity and innovation mindset
     Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities
     Ability to work independently and as a part of a team in a lab-based, hands-on environment
     Excellent communication skills; clear and confident presenter
     Attention to detail, especially in safety-critical systems
     Decisiveness & Task execution

Required Qualifications

     Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Applied Physics or a closely related field
     Strong programming experience used in hardware development such as C/C++, Assembly, PLC programming; experience with high-level languages such as python, etc.
     Experience interfacing software with hardware systems (e.g., DAQ systems, embedded systems, industrial controls, etc.)
     Familiarity with signal processing, instrumentation, or measurement systems
     Familiarity with Windows and Linux operating systems
     Familiarity with relational databases (SQL, etc.)
     Understanding of gas flow systems, vacuum systems, and radiation detection principles
     Ability to rapidly troubleshoot, maintain, repair, and improve complex systems
     Ability to obtain and maintain a DOD secret level security clearance (This requires US citizenship).

Preferred Qualifications

     Experience with legacy programming languages such as Visual Basic 6.0, Delphi/Pascal, FORTRAN
     Experience with radioactive counting systems, detectors (e.g., scintillation counters, Geiger-Müller counting), or spectroscopy
     Knowledge of communication protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, serial, Modbus)
     Familiarity with laboratory or industrial safety standards

Why you will enjoy working with us:

Linde is a leading global industrial gases and engineering company with 2025 sales of $33 billion. We live our mission of making our world more productive every day by providing high-quality solutions, technologies and services which are making our customers more successful and helping to sustain, decarbonize and protect our planet.

Linde Gas & Equipment Inc. (LG&E) is part of the largest Welding, Industrial, Medical, and Specialty Gases companies in the U.S. We carry a comprehensive selection of industrial gases, such as oxygen, nitrogen, argon, and carbon dioxide, etc. LG&E has an extensive network of production plants, retail stores, distribution centers, and customer service locations with a focus on making our world more productive every day by providing high-quality solutions, technologies and services which are making our customers more successful by helping to sustain and protect our planet.

For more information about the company, please visit our website.

Don’t wait, fill out an application right from your phone today! DRIVE YOUR CAREER FORWARD!

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other reason prohibited by applicable law.

Primary Location

New Jersey-New Providence

Schedule

Full-time

Unposting Date

Ongoing
