Software Developer - job post
First Fed
Remote
$79,228.86 - $134,689.07 a year - Full-time
First Fed
Remote
$79,228.86 - $134,689.07 a year
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Pay

Job type

&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description

    Health insurance
    401(k) matching
    Paid time off
    Vision insurance
    Dental insurance
    Gym membership
    Employee stock ownership plan

&nbsp;
Full job description

Who We Are

First Fed is a local community bank on an exciting growth trajectory with 17 locations including 12 full-service branches in Western Washington. First Fed was recognized by the Puget Sound Business Journal as a Best Workplace and a Top Corporate Philanthropist. By popular vote, First Fed received awards for Best Bank in The Best of the Northwest, Best Banker in Readers’ Choice by Cascadia Daily News, and Peninsula Daily News named us Best Bank on the Olympic Peninsula. We also received a Best-In-State bank award from Forbes.


For over 100 years First Fed has served our customers and communities throughout the PNW. We’ve donated over $9 million to non-profit organizations in the past 8 years through our foundations, sponsorships, direct donations, and matched employee donations. Our amazing team has volunteered over 25,000 hours in the past 5 years – many by using our benefit of 3 paid volunteer days per year!


We welcome applicants from all backgrounds – our diversity makes us stronger. Join our award-winning team!


Our Values

Optimism: We are positive and decisive. We believe the future will be better than the past. Our attitude demonstrates persistence which leads to success.

Initiative: We are self-starters and find innovative solutions. We are courageous, entrepreneurial, and passionate. We take action for good.

Respect: We include individuals from diverse backgrounds and with different perspectives. We are committed to honoring and serving others.

Growth: We learn and adapt so we can continually improve. We believe in personal growth through grit and determination.

Ownership: We are invested in our endeavors. We are accountable and take responsibility for our actions and decisions.


Position Purpose

The Software Developer will design, develop, and maintain software solutions that drive business value. This role will require a strong technical background, problem-solving abilities, and experience working in an agile development environment. This position will collaborate with cross-functional teams to build scalable, secure, and high-performance applications.


Essential Functions

    Design and develop software architecture writing clean and efficient code in various programming languages while following best practices.
    Troubleshoot, test and debug applications to ensure performance and scalability.
    Perform regular maintenance, updates and upgrades on software after it has been deployed.
    Prepare documentation that includes technical specifications and reports on project status.
    Collaborate with product managers, designers, and other developers to define project requirements and implement new features.
    Ensure software security, reliability, and compliance with industry standards.
    Participate in code reviews to maintain high-quality standards.
    Stay up to date with emerging technologies and industry trends.


Qualifications & Requirements

    Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field (or equivalent experience).
    A minimum of two years of experience with cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Mulesoft, Salesforce) and DevOps practices.
    Proficiency in one or more programming languages (e.g., Java, Python, C#, JavaScript, etc.).
    Experience with front-end and/or back-end frameworks (React, Angular, Node.js, .NET, Django, etc.).
    Understanding of database management systems (SQL, NoSQL).
    Demonstrated analytical, record keeping, problem solving and organizational skills.
    Ability to work in a collaborative, agile environment.
    Must have a passion for technology and business process automation.
    Excellent communication skills, written and verbal, with ability to investigate, interpret and document end user communications.


Physical Requirements

The work requires the ability to operate office machines and equipment, such as personal computers, printers, copying machines and telephones. The work requires the ability to communicate clearly with customers, coworkers, and others in person and on telephones. Work activities involve a combination of sitting/standing for extended periods.


Pay Range

    The pay range for this position is $79,228.86 - $134,689.07
    The typical hiring range for this position is $79,228.86 - $90,915.12
    The incentive plan for this position is the Partnership Incentive plan. It is paid out quarterly with a 5% target payout.
    Employees will be eligible for our benefits package including medical, dental, and vision insurance, paid time off, retirement plans (401k with company match and Employee Stock Ownership Plan), gym membership reimbursement, discounts on our banking products, and more! Additional information on our benefits package can be viewed at https://www.ourfirstfed.com/careers


As a community Bank, we know the power in bringing people together from all walks of life. Our communities are beautiful and strong because of their diversity, and it’s important to us that all of our locations reflect the unique diversity of the places we live and work. We are passionate about hiring the very best talent and welcome applicants from all backgrounds.Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities


Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran


First Fed invites all qualified interested applicants to apply for our career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our online job search or application tools, please email Human Resources via teresa.yandl@ourfirstfed.com or call 360-460-2605. Note: This contact information is reserved solely for job seekers requesting accessibility assistance or accommodation in the application process. Messages left for other purposes may not receive a response.


We are required to notify all applicants of their rights pursuant to federal employment laws. For further information, please review the Know Your Rights notice from the Department of Labor.
